Create functions for basic operations

Creaete variables for the first number, the second number
    and the operator

Function Operate takes the two numbers and the operator 
    and calls the right functions


Store operations in object by their 
    corresponding symbol
Create an operate function that takes the 2 numbers
    and the operator and gets the right function
Mouse event on click when all number buttons are pushed.
    Mouse click event on operators to be stored in "operator,"
    also in display. 
    Number, operator, number stored in variables.
    Selections appear in display on calculator
Click event when enter is pressed. Event passed to function 
    In which the operator variable is used to select an 
    operation from the objet. 
()


First, inititialize all variables

Then set it to the all clear settings; display is 0, variables empty

On first click, set firstNum equal to innner html of number buttom (IF counter = 1)
    Keep adding (concatenating) numbers to firstNum if more numbers are clicked
    Make each variable appear on the display as they are clicked
        Counter variable increases to 2 (from 1)
When operator is clicked, store inner html (operator sign) in the operator variable
    Do not change display. Or make display "blink"?
    Operator counter increases to 2 (from 1)
    (See below) When operator is clicked and counter is 2, do operation and display result
    Reset operator count to 1.
When a number is clicked again after the operator, it gets added to secondNum variable  
    IF counter variable is 2, add to secondNum
    Also keep adding more numbers to secondNum if more are pressed.
    Make each number appear in display

If equal sign or another operator is pressed, do the calculation represented by the operator symbol in the operator variable
    When Equal sign is pressed, do the calculation.
    When operator is pressed and operator count is 2, do the calculation
    Reset operator counter to 1; 
    display result


Use counter variables to decide where the values are stored?


Operate function: 

Argument is Num1, num2 and operator. 

First number is entered. 


